Access Graph AWS sync docs (#39881)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/access-graph/aws-sync.mdx

---

The Teleport Access Graph offers insights into access patterns within
your AWS account. By scanning IAM permissions, users, groups, resources, and 
identities, it provides a visual representation and aids in enhancing the 
permission model within your AWS environment. This functionality enables you
to address queries such as:

- What resources are accessible to AWS users and roles?
- Which resources can be reached via identities associated with EC2 instances?
- What AWS resources can Teleport users access when connecting to EC2 nodes?

Utilizing the Access Graph to analyze IAM permissions within an AWS
account necessitates the setup of the Teleport Access Graph (TAG)
service, a Discovery Service, and integration with your AWS account.

Teleport Access Graph is a feature of the [Teleport
Policy](https://goteleport.com/platform/policy/) product that is only available
to Teleport Enterprise customers.

After logging in to the Teleport UI, go to the Management tab. If enabled, 
Access Graph options can be found under the Permission Management section.

## How AWS Sync Process works

> Teleport Access Graph seamlessly synchronizes various AWS resources,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport Access Graph synchronizes various AWS resources,
```

including IAM Policies, Groups, Users, User Groups, EC2 instances, 
EKS clusters, and RDS databases. These resources are then visualized
using the graph representation detailed in the
[Access Graph page](../access-graph.mdx).

The importing process involves two primary steps:

### Polling Cloud APIs

> The Teleport Discovery Service plays a pivotal role in this process
> by continuously scanning the configured AWS accounts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Teleport Discovery Service continuously scans the configured AWS accounts. 
```

At intervals of 15 minutes, it retrieves the following resources from your
AWS account:

- Users
- Groups
- User Groups
- IAM Roles
- IAM Policies
- EKS Clusters
- RDS Databases
- S3 Buckets

Once all the necessary resources are fetched, the Teleport Discovery
Service pushes them to the Teleport Access Graph (TAG) service, 
ensuring that the Access Graph remains updated with the latest
information from your AWS environment.

### Importing resources

Teleport Access Graph delves into the IAM policies, identities,
and resources retrieved from your AWS account, crafting a 
graphical representation thereof.

## Prerequisites

- A running Teleport Enterprise cluster v14.3.9/v15.2.0 or later.
- For self-hosted clusters, an updated `license.pem` with Teleport Policy enabled.
- For self-hosted clusters, a running Teleport Access Graph node v1.17.0 or later. 
Check [Access Graph page](../access-graph.mdx) for details on
how to setup Teleport Access Graph.
- The node running the Access Graph service must be reachable
from Teleport Auth Service and Discovery Service. 

## Step 1/2. Configure Discovery Service (Self-hosted only)

<Notice type="warning">

> If you have a Teleport Cloud cluster, please disregard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a Teleport Cloud cluster, you can disregard
```
To be consistent with the rest of the docs

this step, as Teleport Cloud already operates a properly configured 
Discovery Service within your cluster.
</Notice>

To activate the Teleport Discovery Service,
add the provided snippet to your Auth Service configuration. 
This service monitors dynamic `discovery_config` resources
that are set up with the `discovery_group` matching 
<Var name="access-graph-disc" />.

> ```code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

EKS clusters, and RDS databases. These resources are then visualized
using the graph representation detailed in the
[Access Graph page](../access-graph.mdx).

The importing process involves two primary steps:

### Polling Cloud APIs

The Teleport Discovery Service plays a pivotal role in this process
by continuously scanning the configured AWS accounts. 
At intervals of 15 minutes, it retrieves the following resources from your
AWS account:

- Users
- Groups
- User Groups
- IAM Roles
- IAM Policies
- EKS Clusters
- RDS Databases
- S3 Buckets

Once all the necessary resources are fetched, the Teleport Discovery
Service pushes them to the Teleport Access Graph (TAG) service, 
ensuring that the Access Graph remains updated with the latest
information from your AWS environment.

### Importing resources

Teleport Access Graph delves into the IAM policies, identities,
and resources retrieved from your AWS account, crafting a 
graphical representation thereof.

## Prerequisites

- A running Teleport Enterprise cluster v14.3.9/v15.2.0 or later.
- For self-hosted clusters, an updated `license.pem` with Teleport Policy enabled.
- Docker version v(=docker.version=) or later.

> - A running Teleport Access Graph node v1.7.0 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A running Teleport Access Graph node v1.17.0 or later.
```

> - A running Teleport Access Graph node v1.7.0 or later.

Reviewer 2: I'd also mention that you need to configure Teleport and Access Graph and link the docs with instructions

- The node running the Access Graph service must be reachable
from Teleport Auth Service and Discovery Service. Check 
[Access Graph page](../access-graph.mdx) for details on
how to setup Teleport Access Graph.

> ## Step 1/2. Configure Discovery Service (Self-hosted only)

Reviewer 2: This page is listed only for `"enterprise"`, so it won't show for the cloud anyway. We should either add the cloud section to it or remove non-self-hosted only sections.

Author: Forgot that. Fixed

Discovery Service within your cluster.
</Notice>

To activate the Teleport Discovery Service,
add the provided snippet to your Auth Service configuration. 
This service monitors dynamic `discovery_config` resources
that are set up with the `discovery_group` matching 
<Var name="access-graph-disc" />.

```code
discovery_service:
  enabled: true
  discovery_group: <Var name="access-graph-disc" />

```

Notice that if you already operate a Discovery Service within your cluster,
it's possible to reuse it as long as the following requirements are met:

- On step 2, you match the `discovery_group` with the existing Discovery Service's
`discovery_group`.
- Access Graph service is reachable from the machine where Discovery Service runs.

## Step 2/2. Set up Access Graph AWS Sync

To initiate the setup wizard for configuring AWS Sync, access the Teleport UI,
navigate to the Management tab, and choose the Access Graph option within the
Permission Management section.

If both Teleport and Access Graph support AWS sync, you'll notice a new button
adjacent to the Access Graph navigation bar labeled `Set up AWS sync with
Access Graph`.

> You'll be
> prompted to create a new Teleport AWS integration if you haven't configured

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
You'll be prompted to create a new Teleport AWS integration if you haven't configured
```

one already. Alternatively, you can opt for a previously established integration.

Upon selecting or creating the integration, you'll be instructed to execute a
bash script within your AWS Cloud Shell to configure the necessary permissions.

<Details title="List of IAM Policies required for AWS Sync" closed>

As part of the setup process, you'll be prompted to execute a bash script

> within your AWS Cloud Shell. This script's purpose is to generate an IAM

Reviewer 2: Those two sentences are basically the same.

Policy within your AWS account and link it to the AWS Role designated for
your Teleport AWS Integration. The policy is designed with a set of read-only
actions, enabling Teleport to access and retrieve information from resources
within your AWS Account.

The IAM policy includes the following directives:

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
```

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [

>         // EC2 IAM

Reviewer 2: JSON doesn't support comments. I'd either remove them to keep valid JSON or not use JSON here.

---
title: Discover AWS access patterns with Teleport Access Graph
description: Describes how to import and visualize AWS accounts access patterns using Teleport Access Graph.
---

> The Teleport Access Graph offers invaluable insights into access patterns within

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Teleport Access Graph offers insights into access patterns within
```

your AWS account. By scanning IAM permissions, users, groups, resources, and 
identities, it provides a visual representation and aids in enhancing the 
permission model within your AWS environment. This functionality enables you
to address queries such as:

- What resources are accessible to AWS users and roles?
- Which resources can be reached via identities associated with EC2 instances?
- What AWS resources can Teleport users access when connecting to EC2 nodes?

Utilizing the Access Graph to analyze IAM permissions within an AWS
account necessitates the setup of the Teleport Access Graph (TAG)
service, a Discovery Service, and integration with your AWS account.

Teleport Access Graph is a feature of the [Teleport
Policy](https://goteleport.com/platform/policy/) product that is only available
to Teleport Enterprise customers.

> After logging into the Teleport UI, go to the Management tab. If enabled, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After logging in to the Teleport UI, go to the Management tab. If enabled, 
```

https://helpcenter.veeam.com/docs/styleguide/tw/log_in_to.html

Access Graph options can be found under the Permission Management section.

## How AWS Sync Process works

Teleport Access Graph seamlessly synchronizes various AWS resources,
including IAM Policies, Groups, Users, User Groups, EC2 instances, 
EKS clusters, and RDS databases. These resources are then visualized
using the graph representation detailed in the
[Access Graph page](../access-graph.mdx).

The importing process involves two primary steps:

### Polling Cloud APIs

The Teleport Discovery Service plays a pivotal role in this process
by continuously scanning the configured AWS accounts. 
At intervals of 15 minutes, it retrieves the following resources from your
AWS account:

> - AWS Users

Reviewer 3: Do we need the `AWS` prefix on each of these?

Author: Fixed in 8926e7fd8b

- AWS Groups
- AWS User Groups
- AWS IAM Roles
- AWS IAM Policies
- AWS EKS Clusters
- AWS RDS Databases
- AWS S3 Buckets

Once all the necessary resources are fetched, the Teleport Discovery
Service pushes them to the Teleport Access Graph (TAG) service, 
ensuring that the Access Graph remains updated with the latest
information from your AWS environment.

### Importing resources

Teleport Access Graph delves into the IAM policies, identities,
and resources retrieved from your AWS account, crafting a 
graphical representation thereof.

> Throughout this procedure, Access Graph seamlessly aligns

Reviewer 3: This sentence sounds like a sales pitch. I don't think it provides any value to someone looking to understand how things work or how to set it up.

Author: Removed it.

Teleport resources operating within the AWS account with
their corresponding AWS IAM identities. This integration
provides an enriched perspective, facilitating a deeper
comprehension of users' AWS access patterns, especially
when utilizing one of the nodes as a jump host.

## Prerequisites

- A running Teleport Enterprise cluster v14.3.9/v15.2.0 or later.

> - An updated `license.pem` with Teleport Policy enabled.

Reviewer 3: Should we mention this only applies to self-hosted clusters?

Author: fixed in 8926e7fd8b

- Docker version v(=docker.version=) or later.
- A running Teleport Access Graph node v1.7.0 or later.
- The node running the Access Graph service must be reachable
from Teleport Auth Service and Discovery Service. Check 
[Access Graph page](../access-graph.mdx) for details on
how to setup Teleport Access Graph.

> ## Step 1/2. Configure Discovery Service (On-Prem only)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Step 1/2. Configure Discovery Service (Self-hosted only)
```

<Notice type="warning">

If you have a Teleport Cloud cluster, please disregard
this step, as Teleport Cloud already operates a properly configured 
Discovery Service within your cluster.
</Notice>

> To activate the Teleport Discovery Service, it's necessary to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To activate the Teleport Discovery Service,
```

add the provided snippet to your Auth Service configuration. 
This service monitors dynamic `discovery_config` resources
that are set up with the `discovery_group` matching 
<Var name="access-graph-disc" />.

```code
discovery_service:
  enabled: true
  discovery_group: <Var name="access-graph-disc" />

```

Notice that if you already operate a Discovery Service within your cluster,
it's possible to reuse it as long as the following requirements are met:

- On step 2, you match the `discovery_group` with the existing Discovery Service's
`discovery_group`.
- Access Graph service is reachable from the machine where Discovery Service runs.

## Step 2/2. Set up Access Graph AWS Sync

To initiate the setup wizard for configuring AWS Sync, access the Teleport UI,
navigate to the Management tab, and choose the Access Graph option within the
Permission Management section.

If both Teleport and Access Graph support AWS sync, you'll notice a new button

> adjacent to the Access Graph navigation bar labeled `Setup AWS sync with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
adjacent to the Access Graph navigation bar labeled `Set up AWS sync with
```
(Please fix the UI too. Setup is a noun, set up is a verb)

Access Graph`.

> The setup process is intuitive, guiding you through the steps. You'll be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You'll be
```

Remove extra fluff

        // Redshift IAM
        "redshift:DescribeClusters",
        "redshift:Describe*",
        // S3 IAM
        "s3:ListAllMyBuckets",
        "s3:GetBucketPolicy",
        "s3:ListBucket",
        "s3:GetBucketLocation",
        // IAM IAM
        "iam:ListUsers",
        "iam:GetUser",
        "iam:ListRoles",
        "iam:ListGroups",
        "iam:ListPolicies",
        "iam:ListGroupsForUser",
        "iam:ListInstanceProfiles",
        "iam:ListUserPolicies",
        "iam:GetUserPolicy",
        "iam:ListAttachedUserPolicies",
        "iam:ListGroupPolicies",
        "iam:GetGroupPolicy",
        "iam:ListAttachedGroupPolicies",
        "iam:GetPolicy",
        "iam:GetPolicyVersion",
        "iam:ListRolePolicies",
        "iam:ListAttachedRolePolicies",
        "iam:GetRolePolicy"
      ],
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}

```
</Details>

Once the IAM Policy has been successfully linked to the IAM role
utilized by Teleport, you'll be prompted to specify the regions from
which Teleport should import resources. This selection solely pertains
to regional resources and does not impact global resources such as S3
Buckets, IAM Policies, or IAM Users.

> If you're operating an on-premises cluster, you'll additionally need to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're operating a self-hosted cluster, you'll additionally need to
```

Most people running Teleport in their own AWS environments would not consider that to be "on-premises" as it's an Amazon datacenter, not their own.
